"have the serenity to accept the things we cannot change, the courage to change the things we can, and the wisdom to know the difference"

“Don’t think. You already know what you have to do, and you know how to do it. What’s stopping you?”
  Tim Grover

If you want something to happen, you have to go out and do it. Nothing else works. Make a list, and check it off. That is how I live.

"And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. They somehow already know what you truly want to become."
Steve Jobs

"Nothing in this world can take the place of persistence. Talent will not: nothing is more common than unsuccessful men with talent. Genius will not; unrewarded genius is almost a proverb. Education will not: the world is full of educated derelicts. Persistence and determination alone are omnipotent."
  Calvin Coolidge

"Invention requires a long-term willingness to be misunderstood. You do something that you genuinely believe in, that you have conviction about, but for a long period of time, well-meaning people may criticize that effort … if you really have conviction that they’re not right, you need to have that long-term willingness to be misunderstood. It’s a key part of invention."
  Jeff Bezos

"Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic."
  Arthur C. Clarke

"A pint of sweat, saves a gallon of blood."
  George S. Patton

"I have not failed, I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work."
  Thomas Edison

"The secret of getting ahead is getting started. The secret of getting started is breaking your complex overwhelming tasks into small manageable tasks, and starting on the first one."
  Mark Twain

“Don’t ask yourself what the world needs, ask yourself what makes you come alive. And then go and do that. Because what the world needs is people who are alive.”
  Howard Thurman

"The boy didn't know what a person's 'Personal Legend' was. 'It's what you have always wanted to accomplish. Everyone, when they are young, knows what their Personal Legend is. At that point in their lives, everything is clear and everything is possible. They are not afraid to dream, and to yearn for everything they would like to see happen to them in their lives. But, as time passes, a mysterious force begins to convince them that it will be impossible for them to realize their Personal Legend...It's a force that appears to be negative, but actually shows you how to realize your Personal Legend. It prepares your spirit and your will, because there is on great truth on this planet: whoever you are, or whatever it is that you do, when you really want something, it's because that desire originated in the soul of the universe. It's your mission on earth."
  The Alchemist by Palo Alto

"The mind of man is capable of anything"
  Christopher Marlowe -- Joseph Conrad

"We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence then, is not an act, but a habit."
  Aristotle

"a guy a dog, or he ain't"

"Immature poets imitate; mature poets steal" 
  T.S. Eliot

"be so good they can't ignore you"

"smart people should make things"

"Always keep your game at, at least, an A-"
  Antoinne Machal-Cajigas

"que sera sera"

"Simple design, intense content."
  Edward Tufte

"And people are like Chris you should boycott, Chris you should quit. You should quit. You know, how come it's only unemployed people who tell you to quit something, huh?"
  Chris Rock

"Don't just do something. Stand there"
  Marvin Minsky

"Give me six hours to chop down a tree and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe"
  Abraham Lincoln

“If a thing is worth doing, it is worth doing badly.”
  Gilbert Chesterton

"The challenge was not only to win one, but it was to win multiple ones. To be able to sit at the same lunch table with my muses. Michael, Magic. I want to be able to sit down at the same table with them and belong there. And um, I'm very proud to be able to say I can do that."
  Kobe Bryant

"Great entrepreneurs are always failing. I don’t worry about my biggest or smallest failure and in fact, I’m not sure I could recall or measure what my biggest failure was if you gave me a day to think about it, but I’ve made lots of mistakes in every company I’ve started. The key to being a successful entrepreneur is continuing to take risks, being very aware of the risk vs. reward in everything you do, and never underestimating how hard you’re going to have to work to make your company successful. If you go into it with your eyes open and prepared to have setbacks and lots of small failures and mistakes along the way, you’re 75% ahead of where how most entrepreneurs start their companies. If you’re ready to work hard and redouble your efforts when you have setbacks, you’ll do fine."
  Dick Costolo

"This is not the end. It is not even the beginning of the end. It is, perhaps, the end of the beginning."
  Winston Churchill

"I should have been less worried about doing something that seemed cool, and just done something I liked. That's the actual road to coolness anyway."
  Paul Graham

"No matter what, a man can change his stars, and I won't spend the rest of my life as nothing"
  A Knight's Tale

"Never give up on something that you can’t go a day without thinking about."
  Winston Churchill

"No artist tolerates reality"
  Nietzsche

"Fuck it, ship it"

"There is no such thing as a ‘self-made’ man. We are made up of thousands of others. Everyone who has ever done a kind deed for us, or spoken one word of encouragement to us, has entered into the make-up of our character and of our thoughts, as well as our success."
  George Matthew Adams

"People are often unreasonable, irrational, and self-centered. Forgive them anyway. If you are kind, people may accuse you of selfish, ulterior motives. Be kind anyway. If you are successful, you will win some unfaithful friends and some genuine enemies. Succeed anyway. If you are honest and sincere, people may deceive you. Be honest and sincere anyway. What you spend years creating, others could destroy overnight. Create anyway. If you find serenity and happiness, some may be jealous. Be happy anyway. The good you do today, will often be forgotten. Do good anyway. Give the best you have, and it will never be enough. Give your best anyway. In the final analysis, it is between you and God. It was never between you and them anyway."
  Mother Teresa

"Play the game to change the game"
  J. Cole

"Winnin' ain't for everybody"
  Kobe Bryant

"What happens to a dream deferred?"
  Langston Hughes

"You are what you eat"

"A chain is only as strong as its weakest link."

"It’s more about personal expression than imposing your will on the world. It’s more about [...] if I don’t get this idea out of my head and on to paper, it dies with me."
Lin-Manuel Miranda

“Nobody tells this to people who are beginners, I wish someone told me. All of us who do creative work, we get into it because we have good taste. But there is this gap. For the first couple years you make stuff, it’s just not that good. It’s trying to be good, it has potential, but it’s not. But your taste, the thing that got you into the game, is still killer. And your taste is why your work disappoints you. A lot of people never get past this phase, they quit. Most people I know who do interesting, creative work went through years of this. We know our work doesn’t have this special thing that we want it to have. We all go through this. And if you are just starting out or you are still in this phase, you gotta know its normal and the most important thing you can do is do a lot of work. Put yourself on a deadline so that every week you will finish one story. It is only by going through a volume of work that you will close that gap, and your work will be as good as your ambitions. And I took longer to figure out how to do this than anyone I’ve ever met. It’s gonna take awhile. It’s normal to take awhile. You’ve just gotta fight your way through.”
  Ira Glass

"Everything popular is wrong."
  Oscar Wilde

"Everyone needs a place. It shouldn’t be inside of someone else."
  Richard Siken

"If today were the last day of your life, would you want to be doing what you're doing?"
  Steve Jobs

"It was the best of times, it was the worst of times, it was the age of wisdom, it was the age of foolishness, it was the epoch of belief, it was the epoch of incredulity, it was the season of Light, it was the season of Darkness, it was the spring of hope, it was the winter of despair, we had everything before us, we had nothing before us, we were all going direct to Heaven, we were all going direct the other way"
  A Tale of Two Cities -- Charles Dickens

“Admit it. You aren’t like them. You’re not even close. You may occasionally dress yourself up as one of them, watch the same mindless television shows as they do, maybe even eat the same fast food sometimes. But it seems that the more you try to fit in, the more you feel like an outsider, watching the “normal people” as they go about their automatic existences. For every time you say club passwords like “Have a nice day” and “Weather’s awful today, eh?”, you yearn inside to say forbidden things like “Tell me something that makes you cry” or “What do you think deja vu is for?”. Face it, you even want to talk to that girl in the elevator. But what if that girl in the elevator (and the balding man who walks past your cubicle at work) are thinking the same thing? Who knows what you might learn from taking a chance on conversation with a stranger? Everyone carries a piece of the puzzle. Nobody comes into your life by mere coincidence. Trust your instincts. Do the unexpected. Find the others…”
  Timothy Leary

“Yesterday’s home runs don’t win today’s games.”
  Babe Ruth

“You can’t build a reputation on what you’re going to do.”
  Henry Ford

"Far better to dare mighty things, to win glorious triumphs, even though checkered by failure, than to take rank with those poor spirits who neither enjoy much nor suffer much, because they live in the gray twilight that knows not victory, nor defeat."
  Theodore Roosevelt

"Perfection is Achieved Not When There Is Nothing More to Add, But When There Is Nothing Left to Take Away"
  Antoine de Saint-Exupery

"Be profoundly accurate"
  Tom Alden

"You don’t write because you have something to say. You write to find out what you have to say."
  Sean McCabe

"Fun comes from the attention and care you bring to something, that offers enough freedom of movement, enough play, that such attention matters."
  Ian Bogost

"If you want to achieve excellence, you can get there today. As of this second, quit doing less-than-excellent work."
  Thomas J. Watson

"You can avoid reality, but you cannot avoid the consequences of avoiding reality."
  Ayn Rand

"Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone."
  Pablo Picasso

"If we get on the treadmill together, there's two things: You're getting off first, or I'm going to die. It's really that simple, right?
You're not going to out-work me."
  Will Smith

"Sing like no one's listening, love like you've never been hurt, dance like nobody's watching, and live like its heaven on earth."
  Mark Twain

“Absorb what is useful, Discard what is not, Add what is uniquely your own.”
  Bruce Lee

"Are you a singing fraternity?"
  Multiple

"Hunger of the body is altogether different from the shallow, daily hunger of the belly. Those who have known this kind of hunger cannot entirely love, ever again, those who have not."
    The Poisonwood Bible -- Barbara Kingsolver


"'All right then, I'll go to hell' --and tore it up."
    Huck Finn -- Mark Twain

"Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it"
    Henry David Thoreau

"The point of war is not to die for your country, but to make the other bastard to die for his."
    George Patton

"cogito ergo sum"
    Descartes

"Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I'm not sure about the former."
    Albert Einstein

"Law is mind without reason."
    Aristotle

"An eye for an eye makes the whole world blind."
    Mahatma Gandhi

"Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle."
    Plato

"Wise men talk because they have something to say; fools, because they have to say something."
    Plato

"Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power."
    Abraham Lincoln

"All the world's a stage,
And all the men and women merely players.
They have their exits and their entrances,
And one man in his time plays many parts,
His acts being seven ages."
    William Shakespeare

"It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it."
    Aristotle

"Do good"
Mr. Feeny

"The heresy of heresies was common sense."
   George Orwell aka Eric Blair